"By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.",
"My gym bag!",
"Tesla has fixed its new automatic parking feature that Consumer Reports says posed a safety concern.",
""Summon," a new feature that Tesla rolled out to its cars last month, will park your car or pull it out of a parking spot with the click of a button. Summon works on Model S or Model X cars, and it can be turned on from the Tesla app. You don't need to be in the car when you're summoning your Tesla.",
"says that Summon will improve road safety, because the car's sensors will detect obstacles in its path when pulling in and out of a parking spot. The feature is also more convenient than parking a car yourself, because it allows you to fit your Tesla into a tight space that wouldn't let you open the doors wide enough to get in and out of the car. Tesla () TSLA.",
"But Consumer Reports found in its testing that Tesla's sensors had blind spots that missed some objects that were narrow or positioned low to the ground. The test car struck a bicycle and a duffel bag, and Consumer Reports even damaged the car's wheels while using the Summon feature.",
"You have to be within 10 feet of the vehicle to use Summon, and the car will pull in and out of parking spaces at a very slow speed. So ordinarily, a blind spot in the car's sensors wouldn't be a problem: When using Summon, you'd most likely see if the car were about to hit something, and you'd have plenty of time to stop the car.",
"But there was a crucial flaw in the design of the Summon feature: Prior to Tesla's fix, you could summon the car from your key fob, and you didn't have to be constantly holding the button down on the fob or app to keep the car moving. That means if you dropped your keys, accidentally hit the button or closed the app, the car could start driving on its own -- for up to 33 feet.",
"Related: Tesla's worst nightmare is cheap gas.",
"Consumer Reports said Tesla's update has limited the Summon feature to the smartphone app and requires you to keep your finger on the button to engage it. The key fob will no longer be able to summon your Tesla.",
""Consumer Reports surfaced valid concerns that we've already built fixes for, continuing to make Summon and our vehicles better," a Tesla spokesman said.",
"Because it's unlikely that the feature would pose a problem, Consumer Reports called it a "relatively low safety risk -- but an unnecessary risk."",
"CNNMoney (New York) First published February 10, 2016: 10:40 AM ET."
"The hackers, tweeting from the account @DotGovs, claim they obtained the details by hacking into a Department of Justice database.",
"The hackers boasted on Twitter, "FBI and DHS info is dropped and that's all we came to do, so now its time to go, bye folks! #FreePalestine."",
"The information contained names, titles, phone numbers and email addresses. After the hackers published the data on the DHS employees on Sunday, they tweeted, "Well folks, it looks like @TheJusticeDept has finally realized their computer has been breached after 1 week."",
"The Justice Department is investigating the hack.",
"Department spokesman Peter Carr told CNN it does not appear there was a breach of private personnel information, such as Social Security numbers.",
""The department is looking into the unauthorized access of a system operated by one of its components containing employee contact information," said Carr. "This unauthorized access is still under investigation; however, there is no indication at this time that there is any breach of sensitive personally identifiable information. The department takes this very seriously and is continuing to deploy protection and defensive measures to safeguard information. Any activity that is determined to be criminal in nature will be referred to law enforcement for investigation."",
"The hackers taunted federal officials, tweeting, "When will the US government realize we won't stop until they cut relations with Israel.""
"And there is a good reason to follow this approach, because although cyberattacks weave their way through computer networks in different ways, there is a common thread that runs across many of them -- something that we could exploit to stop them.",
"First, for efficiency reasons, many cyberattacks utilize the same attack pattern. From the attack on the Justice Department to the one crippling Ukraine, most utilize spear phishing.",
"The hacker hides a malware payload in the attachment of an email, which when clicked opens a back door into computer networks that are then used to hijack system controllers or extract data. Some phishing attacks direct individuals to fraudulent websites that run malicious scripts or directly solicit login and other credentials by spoofing a real website. Such attacks are often repeated, with minor changes to the request; many even carry the same payload or direct people to the same phony website.",
"A second important aspect of cyberattacks is that not all the attacks are successful. In fact, targeted spear-phishing attacks tend to have success rates ranging from 30% to 55%. So while many people fall prey to the attack, many more don't -- and a breach could be stopped by just one person reporting it.",
"With that in mind, if we could provide a mechanism for the many individuals who detect an attack to report it, and if we could quickly disseminate the information to its likely targets, we could stop most attacks from spreading.",
"But the problem today is that there are many different agencies that collect cyberbreach reports.",
"For example, anyone receiving a spear-phishing email claiming to be from the IRS can report it to the IRS, to the state attorney general, the local police, and the IT department of their organization. Other entities that could be reported to include the Anti Phishing Work Group and the FBI's Internet Crime Complaint Center. Each of these organizations allows for reporting using different forms and mechanisms, with some merely collecting reports, others providing emailed feedback, and some others having investigative authority. This is a problem for the average person, whose report is the first line of defense against the attack.",
"What we need instead is a simple, one-stop, city- or county-level solution: one that is well-publicized, so everyone in a region can be easily made aware of this service; one that is convenient and allows for reporting using a variety of mechanisms; and one that not only collects fraud information but also disseminates information about how to protect and, if necessary, remediate the breach, so people can get localized help.",
"What would such a system look like in practice? In fact, many cities throughout the nation already have one system in place that we could potentially leverage: the 311 system for reporting nonemergency municipal service issues. This system has been adopted by more than 60 cities and provides a ready platform for cyberbreach reporting. In many areas, the system allows for complaints via email, phone, and smartphone. Leveraging the existing 311 system is therefore convenient and has the added advantage that the system is already known in most areas.",
"Of course, the current systems would need to be strengthened by adding staff with expertise in dealing with cyberattacks. But this could be easily accomplished by transferring some resources from fighting traditional crime -- which in much of the nation remains at an all-time low -- toward fighting the exponentially growing problem of cybercrime.",
"Reports from various regional 311 systems could then be aggregated by an agency like the FBI's IC3, providing a means for centralized tracking and attack containment. In much the same way the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention protects public health in the United States, many cyberoutbreaks could be stopped before they crippled our homes or our critical infrastructure -- if people reported them early, if their likely victims were warned about them, and if law enforcement began to remedy them right away.",
"The democratized Internet gives everyone a voice. But it also makes just about anyone capable of inflicting massive damage. We need everyone's help to protect this increasingly wired world we live in.",
"Exhibit A large majority of surveyed companies had nascent or developing cyberrisk-management capabilities.",
"Research by McKinsey and the World Economic Forum points to a widening range of technology vulnerabilities and potentially huge losses in value tied to innovation.",
"More and more business value and personal information worldwide are rapidly migrating into digital form on open and globally interconnected technology platforms. As that happens, the risks from cyberattacks become increasingly daunting. Criminals pursue financial gain through fraud and identity theft; competitors steal intellectual property or disrupt business to grab advantage; "hacktivists" pierce online firewalls to make political statements.",
"Research McKinsey conducted in partnership with the World Economic Forum suggests that companies are struggling with their capabilities in cyberrisk management. As highly visible breaches occur with growing regularity, most technology executives believe that they are losing ground to attackers. Organizations large and small lack the facts to make effective decisions, and traditional "protect the perimeter" technology strategies are proving insufficient. Most companies also have difficulty quantifying the impact of risks and mitigation plans. Much of the damage results from an inadequate response to a breach rather than the breach itself.",
"Complicating matters further for executives, mitigating the effect of attacks often requires making complicated trade-offs between reducing risk and keeping pace with business demands (see sidebar "Seizing the initiative on cybersecurity: A top-team checklist"). Only a few CEOs realize that the real cost of cybercrime stems from delayed or lost technological innovation-problems resulting in part from how thoroughly companies are screening technology investments for their potential impact on the cyberrisk profile.",
"Sidebar.",
"Seizing the initiative on cybersecurity: A top-team checklist.",
"With trillions of dollars in play and cyberresiliency affecting a growing range of business issues-business continuity, customer privacy, and the pace of innovation, to name just a few-it's clear that current operating models for combatting attacks aren't up to the task. Often, they are compliance driven and technology centric. Instead, they must be grounded in collaboration across business functions. That requires active engagement by the CEO and other senior leaders who understand the broad strategic risks of inaction-and can catalyze change. We have developed a checklist of practices that can help top teams as they remap the boundaries of their cybersecurity operating models:",
"1. Prioritize information assets by business risks. Most companies lack sufficient insight into the precise information assets they need to protect-for example, the damage that might result from losing the intellectual property behind a new manufacturing process. Business leaders need to work with cybersecurity teams to assess and rank business risks across the value chain.",
"2. Differentiate protection by the importance of assets. Assigning levels of controls, such as encryption and more rigorous passwords for lower-value assets, will allow management to invest time and resources in protecting the most strategic information.",
"3. Integrate security deeply into the technology environment to achieve scale. Executives need to instill the mind-set that security isn't something bolted onto projects. Instead, every facet of the growing technology environment-from developing social-network applications to replacing hardware-needs to be shaped by the awareness of new vulnerabilities.",
"4. Deploy active defenses to uncover attacks proactively. Massive intelligence is available about potential attacks. Much as top teams are organizing strategy around big data analytics, they must ensure that their companies can aggregate and model new information to establish robust defenses.",
"5. Test continuously to improve response plans. Teams responsible for diverse functions, such as public affairs and customer service, where technology isn't the core focus, must sharpen their ability to meet breaches. Running realistic cyberwar games on an ongoing basis can rally teams from across functions and build organizational "muscle memory.".",
"6. Engage frontline personnel to aid their understanding of valuable information assets. The biggest vulnerabilities often stem from everyday use of e-mail and Internet technology. Segment the risks and then train employees, targeting behavior that undermines security.",
"7. Incorporate cyberresistance into enterprise-wide risk-management and governance processes. Assessments of risks from cyberattacks must be integrated with other kinds of risk analysis and presented in relevant management and board discussions. Moreover, cybersecurity must dovetail with broader enterprise-governance functions, such as human resources, regulatory compliance, and vendor management.",
"These findings emerged from interviews with more than 200 chief information officers, chief information-security officers, regulators, policy makers, technology vendors, law-enforcement officials, and other kinds of practitioners in seven sectors across the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Asia.1 We also drew on a separate McKinsey executive survey on cyberrisk, supplementing this research with an analysis of McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) data on the value-creation potential of innovative technologies. It showed that the economic costs of cybercrimes could run into the trillions of dollars. 1. The Risk and Responsibility in a Hyperconnected World initiative was launched at the World Economic Forum's annual meeting in 2012. Over the past year, the Forum, in partnership with McKinsey, has continued a dialogue with executives and policy makers through interviews and workshops and through surveys exploring strategies for building a vigorous cyberresilience capability at the institutional level. We augmented our research with parallel McKinsey cyberrisk-maturity survey data on cyberresiliency.",
"Areas of business concern.",
"From our interviews and survey research, four areas of concern emerged on how executives perceive cyberrisks, their business impact, and the readiness of companies to respond:",
"More than half of all respondents, and 70 percent of executives from financial institutions, believe that cybersecurity is a strategic risk for their companies. European companies are slightly more concerned than American ones. Notably, some executives think internal threats (from employees) are as big a risk as external attacks.",
"Equally worrisome, a large majority of executives believe that attackers will continue to increase their lead over corporate defenses. Sixty percent of the executives interviewed think the sophistication or pace of attacks will increase somewhat more quickly than the ability of institutions to defend themselves. Product companies, such as high-tech firms, are most concerned about industrial espionage. The leaking of proprietary knowledge about production processes may be more damaging than leaks of product specifications, given the pervasiveness of "teardown" techniques and the legal protections afforded to product designs. Service companies are more concerned about the loss and release of identifiable information on customers and about service disruptions.",
"According to McKinsey's ongoing cyberrisk-maturity survey research, large companies reported cross-sector gaps in their risk-management capabilities. Ninety percent of those most recently surveyed had "nascent" or "developing" ones. Only 5 percent were rated "mature" overall across the practice areas studied (exhibit). Notably, we found no correlation between spending levels and risk-management maturity. Some companies spend little but do a comparatively good job of making risk-management decisions. Others spend vigorously, but without much sophistication. Even the largest firms had substantial room for improvement. In finance, for instance, senior nontechnical executives struggled to incorporate cyberrisk management into discussions on enterprise risk management and often couldn't make informed decisions, because they lacked data.",
"Concerns about cyberattacks are starting to have measurable negative business implications in some areas. In high tech, fully half of the survey respondents said they would have to change the nature of their R&D efforts over time. There is noticeable concern, as well, that cyberattacks could slow down the capture of value from cloud computing, mobile technologies, and health-care technologies. Some 70 percent of the respondents said that security concerns had delayed the adoption of public cloud computing by a year or more, and 40 percent said such concerns delayed enterprise-mobility capabilities by a year or more.",
"Cybersecurity controls are having a significant impact on frontline productivity, too. About 90 percent of the respondents overall said that controls had at least a moderate impact on it. Half of the high-tech executives cited existing controls as "a major pain point" that limited the ability of employees to collaborate.",
"While there is broad agreement among executives that concerted efforts by policy makers, companies, and industry associations will be needed to reduce threats, there is considerable disagreement about how a consensus might take shape. And executives worry that new regulations may be grounded in outdated techniques and that regulators' skills and capabilities may be insufficient.",
"A global economic penalty.",
"Looking forward, if the pace and intensity of attacks increase and are not met with improved defenses, a backlash against digitization could occur, with large negative economic implications. Using MGI data on the technologies that will truly matter to business strategy during the coming decade, we estimate that over the next five to seven years, $9 trillion to $21 trillion of economic-value creation, worldwide, depends on the robustness of the cybersecurity environment (see sidebar "About the research").",
"Sidebar.",
"About the research.",
"We modeled alternative scenarios for 2020, starting with estimates of the economic value that could be achieved in an environment where organizations and governments adopt robust cyberresilience strategies. We then estimated how that value might diminish, first, if institutions muddle through and make no substantive changes to current approaches, allowing cyberattackers to retain an advantage over defenders and, second, if a step-change increase in attacks prompts severe regulatory responses that constrict the use of technologies and produce a backlash against digitization. The basis of our economic analysis was a 2013 McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) report that focused on the speed and scope of, and the economic value at stake from, a dozen economically disruptive technologies, among them cloud technology, the mobile Internet, and the Internet of Things. For more, see the full MGI report, Disruptive technologies: Advances that will transform life, business, and the global economy (May 2013).",
"Consider, for example, cloud computing. In an environment where a solid cyberresilience ecosystem accelerates digitization, the private and government sectors would increase their use of public cloud technologies,2 with enhanced security capabilities allowing widespread deployment for noncritical workloads. Private clouds would handle more sensitive workloads. In this case, we estimate that cloud computing could create $3.72 trillion in value by 2020. However, in an environment of stepped-up cyberattacks, public clouds would be underutilized, given increased fear of vulnerabilities and higher costs from compliance with stricter policies on third-party access to data and systems. Such problems would delay the adoption of many systems and reduce the potential value from cloud computing by as much as $1.4 trillion. 2. Where cloud-computing resources are offered by third-party service providers rather than hosted in-house.",
"These dynamics could play out in many areas, with the proliferation of attackers' weapons leading to widespread and highly visible incidents that trigger a public backlash and push governments to enforce tighter controls, which could dramatically decelerate the pace of digitization. Indeed, our interviews and workshops with executives from a variety of sectors reinforce the view that the cybersecurity environment may be getting more difficult and that early elements of a backlash are already beginning to materialize.",
"For more on this research, download the full report, Risk and Responsibility in a Hyperconnected World (PDF-1,688KB).",
"Share this article on LinkedIn Share this article on Twitter Share this article on Facebook Email this article Download this article.",
"WASHINGTON - The admiral who directs American cyberforces told a Senate committee on Thursday that the United States was "at a tipping point" where it needed to increase its ability to conduct cyberattacks, to create a deterrent against other countries that are attacking it.",
"The growing American capabilities in cyberweapons are hardly a secret: They were critical to a yearslong American and Israeli cyberattack on Iran's nuclear facilities, and descriptions of the placement of "implants" in foreign computer systems - for surveillance and potential offensive action - run through thousands of pages of documents released by Edward J. Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor.",
"But the willingness of Adm. Michael S. Rogers to discuss purely offensive cyberweapons in his appearance before the Armed Services Committee comes at a moment when the Obama administration is reluctantly experimenting with how to discuss the subject in public, much as it gradually began to talk about drone strikes a few years ago.",
"Admiral Rogers, who heads both the National Security Agency and its military cousin, United States Cyber Command, was answering questions about how the United States could deter attacks like the kind that struck Sony Pictures Entertainment. President Obama has said publicly that the attack originated in North Korea.",
"When pressed, Admiral Rogers said that erecting ever-higher digital fences would never be enough, and that "we have got to broaden our capabilities to provide policy makers and operational commanders with a broader range of options. Because in the end, a purely defensive reactive strategy will be both late" and would become "incredibly resource-intense.".",
""So, I have been an advocate of, we also need to think about how can we increase our capacity on the offensive side here, to get to that point of deterrence.".",
"In interviews as he came into office last year, Admiral Rogers identified creating some form of deterrence as his highest priority. At the time, he said, Chinese and other attackers who steal data from American companies "pay no price.".",
"In the case of North Korea, the United States imposed some modest economic sanctions, and it is unclear whether an attack that slowed the North's Internet connections was the result of American action or some other kind of action. In any event, the response was weak enough that many in the Obama administration question whether the North paid a high enough price.",
"But as Admiral Rogers attempted to describe to the committee, deterrence in the digital realm is a complex business; most comparisons to the nuclear age fail. There are so many different kinds of cyberattackers - states, businesses, hackers, teenagers, angry ideologues - that it would be nearly impossible to deter them with traditional means, most experts say.",
"Admiral Rogers himself seemed to be struggling with the analogies at times, comparing the decisions that national leaders will have to make with those faced by the Bush administration on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001. At that time the question was whether the United States would be willing to make "the decision that we were going to shoot down, potentially, a civilian airliner that we thought had potentially become a weapon.".",
""I think we need to have that same discussion now," Admiral Rogers said. "We've got to increase our decision makers' comfort and level of knowledge with what capabilities we have and what we can do.".",
"The committee chairman, Senator John McCain of Arizona, who has argued for a robust offensive cybercapability, jumped in to say, "But right now, the level of deterrence is not deterring.",
""That is true," Admiral Rogers responded.",
"President Obama's homeland security adviser said Tuesday that the administration was planning to open a new center that would quickly assess and deter cyberattacks on the United States.",
"The adviser, Lisa Monaco, who provides threat assessments to Mr. Obama every morning, said the world was at a "transformational moment" regarding cyberthreats.",
""Annual reports of data breaches have increased roughly fivefold since 2009," Ms. Monaco said. That was the year that Mr. Obama first began to publicly press for greater cybersecurity initiatives - while secretly authorizing the largest state-sponsored use of a cyberweapon against Iran's nuclear enrichment facilities.",
"A cyberthreat office has long been discussed, but planning became more urgent after the attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment in November, which Mr. Obama and the F.B.I. later said was the work of North Korea. The attack exposed weaknesses in the government's ability to come up with a consensus on an attack's origin and how to respond to it.",
"Presidential aides had expressed similar frustrations during the lengthy investigations into attacks on JPMorgan Chase - no single culprit has been reliably identified - and in a number of other hacking cases, including some on the unclassified White House and State Department email systems.",
"The new center would essentially put greater control of assessments into the hands of the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. While there are a number of federal cybercenters in operation, the Department of Homeland Security, which has primary responsibility for the defense of American domestic networks, has often been at odds with the National Security Agency, the military's United States Cyber Command and other branches of the government responsible for assessing or reacting to cyberattacks.",
"Mr. Obama is also attempting to press companies and the government to cooperate more fully in sharing information on cyberattacks. He is scheduled to travel to Stanford University on Friday to sign an executive order easing the way for American companies to share data with the government.",
"His executive powers, however, do not allow him to address the liability issues that companies face if they turn over information on customers or other private data. That can o be done only by legislation, and Mr. Obama will urge the new Congress to pass a comprehensive cybersecurity bill, which has failed in Congress for three years.",
"Ms. Monaco, in a speech at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, painted a picture of an administration struggling to keep up with the increasing number of cyberattacks, which are growing more destructive.",
"She named four adversaries who regularly attack networks in the United States: China, Russia, Iran and North Korea.",
"While espionage and the theft of intellectual property motivate many of the attacks, she said, "politically motivated attacks are a growing reality, as we saw with North Korea's attacks on South Korean banks and media outlets last year.".",
"Those breaches were followed by the Sony attack, which began in September but which American intelligence agencies - and Sony itself - did not understand until half to two-thirds of the company's computers and servers had been damaged or destroyed.",
""It was a game changer because it wasn't about profit," she said. "It was about a dictator trying to impose censorship and prevent the exercise of free expression." At the time of the attack, Sony was preparing to release "The Interview," a comedy about a C.I.A. effort to kill Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea.",
""I worry that malicious attacks like the one on Sony Pictures will increasingly become the norm unless we adapt quickly," she said.",
"Image caption Cybercriminals are more than willing to exploit instincts which make users vulnerable Image caption Phishing scams can involve spoof emails designed to make users reveal their passwords Image caption A call from IT support might actually be from hackers based in a different continent.",
"The phenomenon of "social engineering" is behind the vast majority of successful hacking.",
"This isn't the hi-tech wizardry of Hollywood but is a good, old-fashioned confidence trick.",
"It's been updated for the modern age, and although modern terms such as "phishing" and "smishing" are used to describe the specific tricks used, they all rely upon a set of human characteristics which, with due respect to Hieronymus Bosch, you might picture as the "seven deadly sins" of social engineering.",
"Apathy:",
"To fall for a confidence trick, or worse, we assume others "must" have taken the necessary steps to keep us secure.",
"Sadly this leads to a lack of awareness, and in the world of the hacker that is fatal. When we stay in a hotel and we programme our random number into the room safe to keep our belongings secure, how many of us check to see if the manufacturers override code has been left in the safe?",
"It's nearly always 0000 or 1234 so try it next time.",
"Curiosity:",
"Humans are curious by nature. However, naive and uninformed curiosity has caused many casualties. Criminals know we're curious and they will try to lure us in. If we see an unfamiliar door appear in a building we frequent, we all wonder where it leads.",
"We might be tempted to open it and find out, but in the online world that might just be a trap waiting for an innocent user to spring it. A colleague built a website that contained a button that said Do Not Press, and was astonished to find that the majority of people actually pressed it.",
"Be curious, but exercise a healthy degree of suspicion.",
"Gullibility:",
"It is often thought of as a derogatory term, but we all suffer from this sin. We make assumptions.",
"We take others at face value, especially outside of our areas of expertise. Put a uniform on someone and we assume they have authority.",
"Give an email an official appearance by using the correct logo and apparently coming from the correct email address, and we might just assume it's real, regardless of how silly its instructions might be.",
"All of this can be easily forged online, so make no assumptions.",
"Courtesy:",
"We quite rightly all teach our children to be polite. However, politeness does not mean you should not discriminate.",
"If you do not know something, or you feel something doesn't feel quite right, ask. This principle is truer than ever in the online world, where we are asked to interact with people and systems in ways with which we are quite unfamiliar.",
"If someone phones you out of the blue and says they are from your bank do you believe them?",
"No. Phone them back.",
"And by the way, use a mobile phone as landlines can remain connected to the person who made the call in the first place and so while you might think you're phoning the bank on a valid number you're just talking to the person who called you.",
"Greed:",
"Despite what we'd like to think we are all susceptible to greed even though it might not feel like greed.",
"Since its inception, the very culture of the web has been to share items for free.",
"Initially this was academic research, but as the internet was commercialised in the mid-1990s, we were left with the impression that we could still find something for nothing.",
"Nothing is ever truly free online. You have to remember that if you're not the paying customer, you're very likely to be the product. In the worst case, you might find that you have taken something onto your machine that is far from what you bargained for.",
"Many pieces of malware are actively downloaded by owners unaware that the "free" product contains a nasty payload, even if it also appears to do what you expected of it.",
"Diffidence:",
"People are reluctant to ask strangers for ID, and in the online world it is more important than ever to establish the credentials of those whom you entrust with your sensitive information.",
"Do not let circumstances lead you to make assumptions about ID.",
"For example, if someone from "IT support" calls you and asks for your password so they can help fix your problem, how do you know they haven't called everyone else in the building first until they found you who has really got a problem?",
"This is a well-known attack. If someone has a problem with proving who they are, you should immediately be suspicious.",
"Thoughtlessness:",
"Thinking before you act is possibly the most effective means of protecting yourself online. It is all too easy to click that link.",
"Stop.",
"How many of us when reading an apparently valid link in an email would bother to check whether the link is actually valid or whether instead it takes you to a malicious site.",
"It's horribly easy to make links look valid so try hovering your cursor over the link for a few seconds before clicking to see what the real link is: the true link pops up if you give it a moment.",
"As cynical as it may sound, the only answer is to practise your A-B-C:",
"Assume nothing.",
"Believe no-one.",
"Check everything.",
"With more Christmas shopping expected to be done online this year than ever before, you should watch out for those that would exploit the deadly sins.",
"Don't give criminals the chance to ruin your holiday season, and remember that a little bit of paranoia goes a long way online.",
"Alan Woodward is a visiting professor at the University of Surrey's department of computing. He has worked for the UK government and consults on issues including cybersecurity, covert communications and forensic computing.",
"'Intense' John Paul II letters revealed Hundreds of letters that tell the story of Pope John Paul's close relationship to a married woman have been shown to the BBC. 3 hours ago Turkey denies troops entered Syria 56 minutes ago The Revenant rules at British film awards 8 hours ago.",
"Continue reading the main story OPEN Graphic Graphic: The Iran Nuclear Deal - A Simple Guide Photo Secretary of State John Kerry, second from left, with members of the American delegation in Vienna during nuclear talks with Iran in July. Over the past month, Iranian hackers identified individual State Department officials who focus on Iran and the Middle East and broke into their email and social media accounts. Credit Pool photo by Carlos Barria Continue reading the main story Continue reading the main story Continue reading the main story.",
"WASHINGTON - Four months after a historic accord with Tehran to limit its atomic ambitions, American officials and private security groups say they see a surge in sophisticated computer espionage by Iran, culminating in a series of cyberattacks against State Department officials over the past month.",
"The surge has led American officials to a stark conclusion: For Iran, cyberespionage - with the power it gives the Iranians to jab at the United States and its neighbors without provoking a military response - is becoming a tool to seek the kind of influence that some hard-liners in Iran may have hoped its nuclear program would eventually provide.",
"While American officials doubt cyber skills, or even the most advanced cyber weapons, will ever have that kind of power, Iran's cyber focus these days is notable.",
"Over the past month, Iranian hackers identified individual State Department officials who focus on Iran and the Middle East, and broke into their email and social media accounts, according to diplomatic and law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation. The State Department became aware of the compromises only after Facebook told the victims that state-sponsored hackers had compromised their accounts.",
""It was very carefully designed and showed the degree to which they understood which of our staff was working on Iran issues now that the nuclear deal is done," said one senior American official who oversees much of that operation and who requested anonymity to discuss a continuing investigation. "It was subtle.".",
"Iran's cyberskills are not yet equal to those of Russia or China. But the attack against the State Department by using the social media accounts of young government employees to gain access to their friends across the administration - a focus that had not been seen before - showed an ingenuity beyond the Russian brute-force attack that infiltrated the State Department's unclassified email system a year ago.",
"In the aftermath of the nuclear accord, American intelligence officials have warned senior officials that they expect Iran to ramp up its use of cyberespionage.",
"The director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr., has told Congress in closed sessions that he believes state-sponsored Iranian hackers are not attempting big attacks that could threaten their ability to reap the financial rewards of complying with the nuclear accord, according to two officials familiar with those briefings. But he said they were stepping up traditional cyberespionage, and getting better at it.",
""The Iranians have not been as destructive as they could be, but they are getting far more aggressive in cyberespionage, which they know is less likely to prompt a response from the United States," said James Lewis, who runs the cyberprogram at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. "They seem very attuned to every stage of implementing the nuclear agreement.".",
"Congress is responding. In the defense bill lawmakers passed this month, United States Cyber Command, which runs the military's offensive and defensive Internet activities, is instructed to conduct computer war games next year. The games are intended to replicate the threats from China, Iran, North Korea and Russia.",
"Iranian cyberattacks are hardly new. They arose after the American cyberattacks on Iran's nuclear facility at Natanz, an operation that destroyed upward of a thousand Iranian centrifuges and drove home to the Iranian leadership the destructive power of computer weapons. The American attacks began toward the end of the George W. Bush administration.",
"Since then, American government officials and private security researchers say Iranian hackers have been behind a series of powerful attacks against American banks that took their websites offline, as well as a destructive attack at Saudi Aramco, the world's largest oil producer, that replaced data on employee machines with an image of a burning American flag.",
"American government officials also blame Iran for a similarly destructive attack at RasGas, the Qatari natural gas giant, and for an attack at the Sands Casino in Las Vegas, where a large number of computers were destroyed.",
"(The casino, while a seemingly odd target, is controlled by Sheldon Adelson, a major funder of Republican candidates, and the attack followed his suggestion that the United States detonate a nuclear weapon in the Iranian desert to force the country to give up its nuclear technology.)",
"But last year, private security researchers say, Iranians began using cyberattacks for espionage, rather than for destruction and disruption.",
"Beginning in May 2014, researchers found evidence that Iranian hackers were targeting Iranian dissidents, and later policy makers, senior military personnel and defense contractors in the United States, England and Israel, according to a report by iSight Partners, a computer intelligence firm in Dallas.",
"For the most part, researchers said, the attacks were basic "spear phishing" attempts, in which attackers tried to lure their victims into clicking on a malicious link, in this case by impersonating members of the news media. Iranian hackers were successful in more than a quarter of their attempts.",
"The number of such attacks reached a climax in May - just ahead of the nuclear talks in Vienna in July - reaching more than 1,500 attempts, according to researchers at Check Point, the Israeli cybersecurity company.",
"Some researchers witnessed an even more troubling trend: In the months leading up to the talks, Iran's hackers began probing critical infrastructure networks in what appeared to be reconnaissance for cyberattacks meant to cause physical damage, said John Hultquist, the director of cyberespionage analysis at iSight Partners.",
"And then something curious happened: In June and July, as American and Iranian negotiators gathered in Vienna to cut a deal on Iran's nuclear program, attacks against targets in the United States stopped. Not a single phishing attempt was logged by Check Point. And the critical infrastructure probes went silent as well, according to iSight Partners, and have not resumed.",
"Instead, iSight's researchers saw Iran's hackers switch focus. They began targeting victims in Israel as well as members of the Islamic State in July as the militant group began expanding its territory across Iraq.",
"Continue reading the main story.",
"And then, in August, just two weeks after the nuclear accord was reached, the trickle of cyberattacks against the group's usual targets resumed. Check Point's researchers were able to hack the attackers' target list, which included 1,600 individuals, from scholars, scientists, chief executives and ministry officials to education institutes, journalists and human rights activists across the globe.",
"The victims may have never learned of the compromises were it not for a decision by Facebook last month to use a new alert system to notify users when Facebook's security team believed state-sponsored hackers had hijacked their accounts. Just weeks into the new alert system, State Department officials began to see a troubling new message pop up on their Facebook accounts:",
""We believe your Facebook account and your other online accounts may be the target of attacks by state-sponsored actors," the message read.",
"Some details of the espionage on State Department employees were first reported by The Wall Street Journal.",
"State Department officials say none of this will affect the coming turning points in the nuclear deal. The International Atomic Energy Agency reported last week that Iran is already beginning to dismantle some of its centrifuges - at the same site the United States and Israel attacked with cyberweapons.",
"President Obama's homeland security adviser said Tuesday that the administration was planning to open a new center that would quickly assess and deter cyberattacks on the United States.",
"The adviser, Lisa Monaco, who provides threat assessments to Mr. Obama every morning, said the world was at a "transformational moment" regarding cyberthreats.",
""Annual reports of data breaches have increased roughly fivefold since 2009," Ms. Monaco said. That was the year that Mr. Obama first began to publicly press for greater cybersecurity initiatives - while secretly authorizing the largest state-sponsored use of a cyberweapon against Iran's nuclear enrichment facilities.",
"A cyberthreat office has long been discussed, but planning became more urgent after the attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment in November, which Mr. Obama and the F.B.I. later said was the work of North Korea. The attack exposed weaknesses in the government's ability to come up with a consensus on an attack's origin and how to respond to it.",
"Presidential aides had expressed similar frustrations during the lengthy investigations into attacks on JPMorgan Chase - no single culprit has been reliably identified - and in a number of other hacking cases, including some on the unclassified White House and State Department email systems.",
"The new center would essentially put greater control of assessments into the hands of the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. While there are a number of federal cybercenters in operation, the Department of Homeland Security, which has primary responsibility for the defense of American domestic networks, has often been at odds with the National Security Agency, the military's United States Cyber Command and other branches of the government responsible for assessing or reacting to cyberattacks.",
"Mr. Obama is also attempting to press companies and the government to cooperate more fully in sharing information on cyberattacks. He is scheduled to travel to Stanford University on Friday to sign an executive order easing the way for American companies to share data with the government.",
"His executive powers, however, do not allow him to address the liability issues that companies face if they turn over information on customers or other private data. That can o be done only by legislation, and Mr. Obama will urge the new Congress to pass a comprehensive cybersecurity bill, which has failed in Congress for three years.",
"Ms. Monaco, in a speech at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, painted a picture of an administration struggling to keep up with the increasing number of cyberattacks, which are growing more destructive.",
"She named four adversaries who regularly attack networks in the United States: China, Russia, Iran and North Korea.",
"While espionage and the theft of intellectual property motivate many of the attacks, she said, "politically motivated attacks are a growing reality, as we saw with North Korea's attacks on South Korean banks and media outlets last year.".",
"Those breaches were followed by the Sony attack, which began in September but which American intelligence agencies - and Sony itself - did not understand until half to two-thirds of the company's computers and servers had been damaged or destroyed.",
""It was a game changer because it wasn't about profit," she said. "It was about a dictator trying to impose censorship and prevent the exercise of free expression." At the time of the attack, Sony was preparing to release "The Interview," a comedy about a C.I.A. effort to kill Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea.",
""I worry that malicious attacks like the one on Sony Pictures will increasingly become the norm unless we adapt quickly," she said.",
"Q. How do I find out if my PC has a bot, and if so, how do I fix it?",
"A. If your PC is showing symptoms of having a "bot" (a software robot controlled by another person or application), you should scan it with a reputable security program and remove any malware found. Malwarebytes Anti-Malware and Panda Free Antivirus are among the free options around if you do not have a more full-featured paid program in mind.",
"Malicious software can hijack a computer's processing power and Internet connection. It does so to send spam, perform remote attacks or do other invasive chores - and it can tax a system's resources.",
"Your PC may be infected if you notice certain behavior; for instance, that your operating system and Internet-connection speed are slower than usual. Pop-up advertisements littering the screen, frequent system crashes, unexplained error messages or the inability to update software are other clues. Some Internet providers, like Comcast, may also alert you if your computer hosts a bot.",
"Microsoft has a Safety Scanner page and other free malware-fighting tools for Windows at www.microsoft.com/security. The company also has advice for avoiding malware at www.microsoft.com/security/pc-security/botnet.aspx.",
"Photo Malwarebytes Anti-Malware for Mac is one of the many security programs available for OS X.",
"Q. I thought Macs were supposed to be protected from malware, but I've gotten those fake tech support pop-ups and ads in Safari. I have to force the browser to quit to get away from them. Could my Mac be infected?",
"A. Recent versions of Mac OS X include built-in malware protection like file quarantine and plug-in blocking, and the system has incorporated a number of other safety features. Still, these defenses may not be enough to keep the Mac clear of evolving threats. While Windows users have traditionally been the primary target of malicious software, times have changed. Mac users should not assume their machines are impervious to spyware, viruses and other intrusive code - hacked web pages and malware programs written to specifically attack OS X are out there.",
"If you are seeing a lot of intrusive ads and fraudulent system alert messages when you browse the web, your Mac may have picked up a piece of unwanted software in your travels. Apple's site has a guide to dealing with pop-ups and adware that hamper its Safari browser.",
"Third-party security programs can also help protect your system, and the Mac App Store has a number of antivirus apps for OS X. If your main concern is adware and malware, free tools like Malwarebytes Anti-Malware for Mac and Bitdefender Virus Scanner for Mac can catch a number of invasive programs.",
"Changing Case in Microsoft Word.",
"Director of Enterprise Security at Trusteer, an IBM Company.",
"Dana Tamir is Director of Enterprise Security at Trusteer, an IBM Company. In her role she leads activities related to enterprise advanced threat protection solutions. With over a...",
"News, blogs, opinions - Twitter is one of the most popular social networks for spreading ideas. It has revolutionized the way millions of people consume news. With 288 million active users, Twitter is the world's fourth-largest social network, so it's no surprise that Twitter malware attacks are on the rise.",
"IBM's Tanya Shafir has recently identified an active configuration of financial malware targeting Twitter users. The malware launches a Man in the Browser (MitB) attack through the browser of infected PCs, gaining access to the victim's Twitter account to create malicious tweets. The malware, which has been used to gain access to users' credentials and target their financial transactions, now has a new goal: to spread malware using the online social networking service. At this time, the attack is targeting the Dutch market. But because Twitter is used by millions around the world, this type of attack can be used to target any market and any industry.",
"Tweeters Beware.",
"The attack is carried out by injecting Javascript code into the victim's Twitter account page. The malware collects the user's authentication token, which enables it to make authorized calls to Twitter's APIs, and then posts new, malicious tweets on behalf of the victim. Here is an excerpt from the injected Javascript code:",
"Here are some examples of the tweets posted by the malware from victims' accounts (tweets containing explicit content were omitted from this blog post):",
"The tweets include the following malicious links (all appear to be inactive at the moment):",
"IBM researchers found these texts in multiple Twitter posts indicating that this attack has been successful at ensnaring victims.",
"Protecting Users and Enterprise Endpoints from Twitter Malware.",
"This attack is particularly difficult to defend against because it uses a new, sophisticated approach to spear phishing. Twitter users follow accounts that they trust. Because this Twitter malware creates malicious tweets and sends them through a compromised account of a trusted person or organization, followers assume the tweets are genuine. The fact that the tweets include shortened URLs is not concerning: Twitter limits the number of characters in a message, so followers expect to get interesting news bits in the form of a short text message and a shortened URL. However, a shortened URL can be used to disguise the underlying address so that followers have no way of knowing if the link is suspicious.",
"While Trusteer did not inspect the URLs posted, it is quite possible that these URLs lead to malicious Web pages. If so, when the browser renders the Web page's content, an exploit can silently download the malware to the user's endpoint (a drive-by download).",
"This type of attack increases the need for enterprise exploit prevention technology. By blocking the exploitation of vulnerable endpoint user applications such as browsers and preventing the malware download, exploit prevention technology stops the attack and prevents the malware from spreading and infecting more users. External sources like Web content and email attachments, which can include a hidden exploit in the form of embedded code, should never be trusted. Such content should only be opened while monitoring the application state to ensure it is operating legitimately.",
"Read the White Paper: Stepping Up the Battle Against Advanced Threats.",
"CHENNAI: The number of new malware (malicious software) hitting computer networks has risen by over 40 per cent between January 21 and February 20, 2005, according to Trend Micro, an anti-virus and Internet content security software company.",
"During the period, Trend Micro detected a total of 3,185 new malware as compared to 2,236 detections in the previous 30-day period, a company release said here.",
""The number of detections has been steadily growing since December 2004," it said.",
"Though the (computer virus) detection counts slowed down a little towards the end of 2004, it went up again at the turn of the year. "Meanwhile, the number of newly discovered malware, which takes into account real-time sample submission and case handling, has been steadily increasing since October," it said.",
"Trend Micro said that during February, the number was pegged at 1,711, only slightly higher than in January, when it was almost double than that of the figure in December 2004.",
"Computer worms took the lead among malware types in February as more than 1,200 new worm detections were documented.",
""Trojans, despite growing slightly from last month's figures, came in second at 1,083. Among newly discovered malware, however, Trojans comprise bulk of samples from actual customer submissions," it said.",
"At 778, newly discovered Trojans outnumbered worms during January 21 to February 20, it said.",
"Goodbye, guesswork. Hello, money.With Multivariate Testing in MailChimp Pro, you can create and test up to 8 different email campaigns. When your customers choose the winner, you sell more stuff.Learn More Now.",
"FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday told members of a U.S. Senate committee that high-tech companies may need to adopt a new business model regarding encryption in order to get on the same page with law enforcement.",
""Encryption is getting in the way of our ability to have court orders effective to gather information we need in our most important work," he told the Senate Judiciary Committee.",
""There are lots of folks who've said over the last year or so we're going to break the Internet or we'll have unacceptable insecurity if we try to get to a place where court orders are complied with," he said. "I actually think it's not a technical issue."",
"Companies are designing their products so court orders can't be complied with, Comey said. "I'm not questioning their motivations. The question we should ask is, Should they change their business model?"",
"No Backdoors.",
"That new model presumably would allow companies to unscramble the data on a user's phone or other device if a court ordered them to do so.",
""There are plenty of folks who make good phones and are able to unlock them in response to a court order," Comey said. "In fact, the makers of phones that today can't be unlocked, a year ago they could be unlocked."",
""Backdoors" into encrypted data need not be part of this new business model, he added.",
""People also, I think, better understand today the government doesn't want a backdoor," Comey said.",
""The government hopes to get to a place where if a judge issues an order, the company figures out how to supply that information to the judge and figures out on its own what would be the best way to do that," he continued.",
""The government shouldn't be telling people how to operate their systems," Comey added.",
"Competitive Advantage.",
"To some minds, however, he is indeed telling companies how to run their businesses.",
""What Director Comey is asking for is for people to stop using encryption," Matthew Green, a professor specializing in cryptography at Johns Hopkins University, told TechNewsWorld.",
""He wants companies to stop offering good security for their customers," Bruce Schneier, CTO of Resilient Systems and a fellow at Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet and Society, told TechNewsWorld.",
"Good security for customer data has become a competitive issue for many American companies since Edward Snowden revealed the massive snooping efforts of some U.S. government agencies.",
""The competitors to Apple, Google, Microsoft and some other companies are claiming they can protect data from U.S. eavesdroppers," said Leo Taddeo, chief security officer of Cryptzone.",
""If you're trying to sell in Europe and you're an American company, it makes you more appealing if you can say, 'Your data can't be retrieved by the U.S. government because, even if we wanted to, our technology doesn't allow us or them to see your data," he told TechNewsWorld.",
""As a result, there's no distinction between us and a local company that's storing your data," continued Taddeo, former special agent in charge of the special operations/cyber division of the FBI's New York Office.",
"Tiered Encryption.",
"It's unnecessary for everyone to have unbreakable encryption, he argued.",
""The idea that every single person out there has to have unbreakable encryption just because spies and cybercriminals are going after banks and credit card companies is ridiculous," Taddeo said.",
""You can give the banks and credit card companies very powerful encryption technology, and you can maintain reasonable encryption on individual phones," he explained.",
"Nevertheless, watering down encryption would have a negative impact on U.S. companies. "There would be a lot of lost revenue," said Ryan Hagemann, a technology and civil liberties policy analyst at the Niskanen Center.",
"However, the ramifications of weaker encryption reach beyond the bottom line of domestic companies.",
""It's pretty startling how much of the online economy depends on encryption as a way of fomenting trust between users online," Hagemann told TechNewsWorld.",
"Benefits Outweigh Costs.",
""It's not only online retailers. Literally every commercial transaction that is done these days is some way or another going to depend on encryption because of the digital economy we now live in," he continued.",
""If we were to weaken encryption, I think it would have pretty serious consequences for the global economy," Hagemann added.",
"With terrorist acts making headlines, though, is strong encryption something even free societies can afford to continue to cultivate?",
""Sometimes technologies that benefit society will also be used by those who wish to do us harm, but we always have to compare the cost and the benefits," Hagemann said.",
""If we're looking at the costs associated with weakening encryption or getting rid of it altogether versus the benefits of strong encryption," he said, "I think it's pretty clear that the benefits outweigh the costs by many, many orders of magnitude."",